#DESIGN NOTES

There is a light mode and a dark mode → I know now there are built in features to implement light and dark, but I don't know how to do those, so I'll need to take a look at that.
   
It looks like cards are populated into each container, regardless of how the container is oriented, in order left-right, top-bottom. I think this indicates the container can be a simple flex container.

I'll need to design/create a toggle button, that will be fun. They don't show a hover state when the toggle is inactive, but I think having something like a changing outline (the inactive toggle is all light grey, so perhaps a black outline?) will be a nice touch.

Looks like the inactive/removed color is a deep red, and then the active/removed color is a lighter red. But this is switched from light mode to dark mode. I wonder if there is a way to simply specify the "alternate" color? That would seem to imply two full color sets where you might have:
active-red: #XXXXXX
dark-active-red: #XXXXXX

I'm thinking that the page layout is mostly flex containers:
- The hero container: logo + mode button
- The menu container: heading + menu buttons (3 of them)
  - This goes to 2 rows in mobile view
- The cards container

NOTE: again, see on cards: there is a drop shadow on each space-taking or background possessing element in a given container. So the hero container has a drop shadow. The menu buttons inside the menu container have dropshadows, and then the cards of course have drop shadows.

For the cards:
There is clearly a top/bottom portion and I'll consider that contents + controls

What's interesting is the logo occupies a vertical space that extends down to the controls. I'm wondering whether it works to simply have a contents div, which would contain the header and the accompanying text, and then have the logo be a before pseudoelement. This might allow for seamless behavior if the logo isn't present or doesn't load correctly - the text content would then just take up all the space. Worth an experiment.

That also keeps the card to two divs, and I like simpler.

NOTE: there is a drop shadow on the cards


#DESIGN MARKUP

The bottom margin under the hero section is the same as under the card section. This splits the document into two descrete sections.

The hero and menu divs both have their content centered vertically.

The bottom margin under the menu section is half the bottom margin under the hero/main sections     

For the cards:
There is a top/bottom margin. There is a side margin. Internally the controls section is centered vertically, and fills the horizontal space similar to how the other flex-type containers do. The content section either has a left margin or the logo has a right margin. This does not match the left margin, and that tells me it's probably just a text fill to the available space.

Ideally, if I have the card function so that it fills the space when the logo is unavailable, or vice versa, then the margin/padding needs to be on the logo.               



→ TO DO: Can the card logo function as a before pseudoelement and still accomplish what I want it to?
→ TO DO: Learn how light/dark mode can be implemented with new web features
→ TO DO: Does flex allow me to control the size of my cards?    